Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this section, we are going to create the comment functionality.
Okay, then how does it do this?
We're gonna need to go to this crazy tree, and over those trees, that tree are going to need to create
a new phi.
And we're going to call this Phi comments on this car screen.
And then the section, the darts.
Okay.
And now we can then use Contra and B to make this wide.
And over here we can create a stateless widget and as well we can call this comment screen.
Now over here we need to add light and then use contra and dots.
In that same part you might see that that package.
Okay.
Now instead of returning their content, our widgets, in order for us to have access to some lots more
privacy.
What we can do is we can return a widget known as comfort.
Okay.
Now.
Zeno Discomfort has a property known as body.
And for the body this can be a center widget in for the center widget.
It has the child.
Okay.
All right.
And this can then be it says which is which is just going to say for now, comments.
Screen.
And over here you can have some tie.
It's going to be test tie.
To tie.
Okay.
To start, we can just give the font size to be 20 and over.
You make sure you have the same cover and then use control and s to save as well.
You can add the to come out of.
Okay great.
That this to do is to go back to the video screen and we can then use control and B to make this weight.
Now, what we can do is we're going to need to look for this comment icon over here.
So whenever we click on this comment, it's going to take us to that screen.
Okay.
This is where we have the comments.
Now, this inkwell has a property known as what's on tap.
Okay.
Right.
And now what we can do is we can say, now the guitar.
Of course, I'm just going to go to under the screen now.
Just stop the video from playing.
Okay.
Now you get a.
Lots of contest.
And we can then say dots.
Whoosh!
Okay.
Now for The Roots.
Is it not taking something on us?
Not severe.
Page.
Roots.
Okay.
And for the view there it is going to take in context.
And as well, we can specify it is a type of viewed context, but we don't really need that.
Okay.
Most of the time we don't have to specify and most of the time you need to specify.
Now, over here.
We then need this.
Okay.
Now find it and see what you're missing.
This and over this again.
To see what you're missing, the key.
You can see we are missing one additional apprentices.
Okay.
Now over here.
What we can do is we can then say we can.
Commons screen so they made the user clicks on this comment icon is going to immediately take the user
to the comment screen where they're going to drop your comments.
Okay.
Or via satellite in this country.
And it's in that same part.
It's.
Okay.
Think what we can do is.
Get.
We do this again and try calling it to see who's going to automatically do it for us.
Okay.
Comments.
Great.
Okay.
Now, we can't use Katrina to save.
Contrariness.
And try this out.
Okay.
Back to this and click on this.
You can see it took us to the comment screen.
Right.
Okay.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.